In our last lecture we started working on our recipes feature module and we are making good progress
but we do find a problem when it comes to the routing and we use routing here in the recipes module
in the section.
We do have the router outlet here but the router module is only registered in our app Marchal we do
imported here from our app routing module and here are all our recipe related Rodd's.
So basically what we have to do is if we create a feature module we also have to move our routes related
to this feature module and that's exactly what I will do now.
I would create a new routing module in recipes folder and I will name it recipe's routing module.
Yes that's the file name and in there the module name is recipe's routing module.
Now just like the app routing module this module or this file hearable received the Marchal Marshall
decorator and I want to define my recipe right that Routier.
So Constand recipe recipes routes of type routes which needs to be imported from Anglo router will hold
all my recipe related routes.
Well that means that I can go to the app routing module and now I can basically copy all the routes
which are related to my recipes and kept them from here and now I move them here into this array of
routes in the recipe routing module.
Of course we also have to add all the imports to the different components we use here to the off guard
and so on.
That's my recipe's routing module.
You should maybe add a class keyword to instead of a second export.
So here the recipe's routing module of course as in our app module or in the app routing module to be
precise I have to import the router module shipping with angler and where we need to add the import
from an Anglo router and Sheerer and that's super important.
We now don't call for root but for a child.
Remember in the app routing module we were calling for root.
Now here's a simple rule in your application you must only call for root in your app Marchal in your
root module.
If you ever register routes anywhere else and you wrap using router module like we're about to do here
in the recipe's routing module you must use for child because you're not on the road router anymore
you're not on the route module anymore.
I should say.
But you're on a child Marchal every other module is a child module because in the end everything will
be ordered in the YAB module either directly or because you imported a module into a module which is
imported into the app module.
So you're for child and now we simply pass the recipe routes.
And of course now we also have to add exports here to export the router module which now has our recipe
Rad's registered.
And now with that we're going to the recipe's module and we'll import our recipes routing module.
So the procedure here is pretty much the same as the app marshal with AB routing with this.
We now have the router just hurt in this feature module which you then will import here in the app module
and now therefore in the end these routes will also be available in our whole application.
But technically we changed the way we set them up here.
So we now saved us and we have a look at our running application we see that as looking all right but
the dropdown is not working.
If we select one of our recipes we don't get an error in the console but it's just not working.
And the reason for this is simple.
We removed the dropdown directive from the declarations array.
For some reason we don't get an error here but still angler won't recognize it in the recipe detailed
component here.
Our apt rubdown directive will simply not be recognized and ignored.
Well it kind of recognises it because we add it to a module we still have it here but it's not an abled
for our feature module.
So that is a we will need to fix you saw we can simply imported in our recipes Marchal so that won't
fix it but we will soon learn how to fix issues like this.
But besides the missing dropdown directive our application is working fine.
And you can see that we can navigate around just fine.
We will have to fix that.
And as I mentioned we're going to learn how to fix dead in the next lecture us